ES add format to the query string (#29421)
demisto/content: Packs/Elasticsearch/ReleaseNotes/1_3_16.md

#### Integrations
##### Elasticsearch v2

> - Fixed an issue where **fetch incidents** stopped fetching events due to a wrong datetime format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **fetch incidents** stopped fetching events due to an incorrect datetime format.
```
